the reason this country has had good
living conditions in the last 50 60 70
years is because it has had a broad
property in the middle class and if you
allow wealthy record it to get out of
control you will lose that and you will
lose your high living conditions
but if you touch wealthy people they'll
just leave the country surely
well it didn't work for Roman Abramovich
did it you know I think one thing that
we learned from the Ukraine war was
suddenly the government decided we do
want to tax rich people just only rich
people who are Russian and then we
realize you know these rich people
they're not magicians right I think we
tend to imagine these guys like they've
just got a massive bag full of money
these guys are rich because they own our
assets they own our houses they own our
mortgages they own the skyscrapers they
own the shops right they're on the land
when Rupert when Roman Abramovich wanted
to leave he couldn't put Chelsea
Football Club in a bag ultimately the
assets are here we can tax the assets
it's a question about do you want your
country to be owned by people who pay
tax or who don't